FF132 Expr/Relnote: CloseWatcher (#36336)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/experimental_features/index.md

  </tbody>
</table>

### CloseWatcher Interface

Built-in web components with "open" and "close" semantics, such as modal dialogs and popovers, can be closed using device-native mechanisms.

> For example, on Windows you can close a dialog using the <kbd>Esc</kbd> key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, on Android you can close a dialog using the back button.
```

I think there might be a better example explaining this behavior: the back button on Android. We more or less got used to Esc closing popups but the back button triggering the close behavior is something new. [See Chrome 120 release notes](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/new-in-chrome-120#close-watcher).

Author: Sounds good to me thanks!
